what sets our practice apart is our
caring attitude towards our patients
we've been here for over 40 years we've
seen patients that we still see now that
we saw back in the beginning we're here
for the long term we're not here for the
short term we're here for families and
their kids and their grandkids when
we're making treatment decisions I'm
trying to figure out what would I do if
this was a family member sitting in the
chair what options would we look at and
what kind of care would we give we know
that nobody loves coming to the dental
office but we try and make it as
pleasant as possible we have everything
from when they walk into from our juice
bar in our coffee bar when we get back
into our operatories you know we provide
televisions and headsets distractions
for them whatever they might need we
have different sedation techniques
patients can do their dentistry while
they're asleep if they want to we have
an anesthesiologist that works with us
our friends office staff makes the
patients feel comfortable from the
minute they walk in the door and the
ladies that work in the back with us
also do it a wonderful job of making the
patient feel like they enjoy being here
all three of the doctors at aspenwood
dental spend a lot of time going to
continuing education we want to know
what the newest is out there and
incorporates you know the best processes
to make dentistry is comfortable for our
patients as possible we've got the new
digital x-rays we've got digital crown
making here we have cad cam we try and
stay on the front edge but we're not
going to get so far out front that we
will use use techniques that are
unproven we're all general dentists here
in the office but we also focus on
dental implants all three doctors in the
office have had training in dental
implants University based training so in
addition to being able to do the general
dentistry that people come to us for we
can also help meet their needs for
dental implants dentures things like
it's really important to look at the big
picture and look at what the patient's
needs are look at what their time frame
is and factor that into having a
treatment plan before we start it would
be like going on a trip without a
roadmap you want to know where you're
going we've been here for a long time I
started this practice in 1973 in Aurora
we plan to be here for a long time in
the future with dr. Zeppelin and dr.
Augustine we're going to carry on this
tradition for the next several
generations so we're here for the long
term and we know our responsibility to
our patients
you